- [Instructor] The crowd repository we've seen
is a general interface that is used
across most Spring Data data sources.
However Spring Data modules usually
provide a means to tap into the specific
features of the data source.
The JpaRepository interface is an example of this.
JpaRepository provides the methods of CrudRepository
because it extends from CrudRepository
but it also provides Jpa specific methods.
You may have noticed in the last video
that there is a DepartmentRepository.
If we had opened it you would see
that the DepartmentRepository extends from JpaRepository.
DepartmentRepository can invoke methods
we typically see in the Jpa entity manager
like flush and save and flush.
It can also execute Jpa batch delete functions
which leverages the Jpas ability
to delete several entities in one atomic method
more efficiently than CrudRepository.delete.
So why would you want to have a JpaRepository.
Most times there's no need but there
are cases where it is beneficial.
First if you really need to flush the data
from the database you can just call
the repository method rather than injecting
the entity manager factory to get
the entity manager instance.
Second it helps applications
to access many types of data stores.
Extending from a store specific repository
might be necessary for programmatic reasons
or it may help developers understand the code.
So let's try it out.
So here is my DepartmentRepository
and extends from JpaRepository.
And we will exercise this with
the JpaRepository demo again with Spring Runner
and Spring Boot tests we're injecting
the DepartmentRepository.
Here's our break point.
Let's run it in Diva mode.
So first we're going to create
a new department called humanities,
save it and then manually do a flush.
Now we're going to create a department called fine arts
and invoke the save and flush method at the same time.
And then lastly we're going to create
a department social science and
we're going to save it just with the save method.
Now the end result is all of these
are persisted to the store but just
good to know you have these hooks if it's necessary.
So let's do a find all on all departments.
So we have all departments, humanities, fine arts,
and social sciences each with their
own unique generated ID.
Now I'm gonna call delete and in batch
and just use the first department
that's in the repository which will be humanities.
And now we're gonna print out
that there's one less department.
We only have fine arts and social sciences now
and lastly we're going to just say delete all in batch.
Delete all of the departments in
the repository in an efficient atomic method.
And there's no departments left.